- There are lots of ways
AI can help you at work.
Sure, it can help you
come up with a catchy name
for your next product,
but to get the most out of AI,
it takes a bit of a mindset shift.
What do I mean?
Well, imagine the following scenario.
You're faced with a high stakes goal
of growing your business unit's revenue
by the end of the year.
Instead of just using AI to
draft a note to your team
announcing your project,
try using AI as a collaborator.
Ask it to help you build your forecast
and generate options for increasing sales.
Have it help you pressure-test assumptions
and identify risks.
Then explore different revenue scenarios.
See the difference?
The real benefit isn't just
in solving one-off tasks.
It's in collaborating to
help you solve a problem,
navigating across various steps,
and enlisting its help
to set you up for making better decisions.
But to really get the most out of AI,
you'll have to use your
unique expertise and judgment
to guide your collaboration with it.
Your role is essential.
You're the one with context
and emotional intelligence.
Yes, AI can help you
create a presentation,
but only you know your audience.
AI can offer solutions to
a customer service problem,
but only you can be the final judge
if those solutions should be
presented to the customer.
And there are times when AI
might not be right for the job.
It has limitations.
For example, topics like financial, legal,
and compliance advice
may be too sensitive or risky for AI.
Connect with a professional
on these sensitive topics.
But in cases when AI is
the right fit for the task,
you should know how to
get the most out of it.
The idea is not to add to your to-do list,
but to help with the
things you're already doing
and to help you do new things
that previously may
not have been possible.